Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
- How are you? Goodness!
- Enrique! How’ve you been? It’s been a long time.
And in the end I went for the red.
- You look gorgeous.
Thank you!
- Where were you?
- Talking with Cristian.
- Hey. what’s up?
I’m happy to see you.
Alejandra...
Alejandra. honey.
- Am I intruding?
- Well. that depends...
- Come on. You were
dodging me for three days.
- Sandra. you’re so dogged
with this. I’ve told you that I can’t.
- Help me. please.
I can’t do another year studying
and working at the same time.
Catering is just wearing my feet out!
One more year of serving
weddings and I’ll be flat out of toes.
- What if something happens to the camera?
Do you know how hard
it is for me to pay for it?
- Look. I'll arrange the interviews
for your days off. and it’ll work!
- And what's in it for me
apart from losing my day off?
- My eternal gratitude!
You owe me.
Pas très à l’aise avec pablo.
Well. remember that! Remember
who introduced you to him.
Thank you so much. my friend.
I love you.
- You’re really hard-headed. you know...
Besides. I don't understand
what the rush is all about.
If you still don't know what
you’re going to do the project over.
- Alright. alright.
That was the day before
yesterday. Now I got it...
Crystal clear!
- Of course.
Unmistakably clear!
Of course. Transparent.
- It's just that... I am not
convinced by any of the topics.
I only know that it should
be practical and audio-visual.
Just think about it. I can also
give it a more cinematic approach...
- Look.
Here is the topic for your project.
That missing painter.
Yeah... nobody talks much about her.
- You know?
I know her-Well. I knew her.
My parents were friends
with her family at the beach.
- Really?! Not only the
camera. but also the content.
I don't owe you anything now.
It’s been three months since
Alejandra López went missing
and no clues have yet been found to
guide the police as to her whereabouts.
- Any statement. please?
Look. I have nothing to say.
Please respect my family's
privacy. Thank you very much.
-Please. Arturo. Would you
like to make a statement?
- All I want is for them to
find my daughter. please.
We cannot go on living like this.
It’s a nightmare. Her name is Alejandra.
My daughter's name is Alejandra.
- Please...
- Let's go. Mom. Sorry. my mother needs to rest.
Hello. Elena.
Carmelo. qu’est-ce que tu fais ici?
I need to talk to you for
a moment. just a minute.
- I don't have the time now.
Get out of my way. Carmelo.
- Elena. wait. Calm down just for a moment.
-I said I can’t right now. I am in a hurry.
- I'm just asking you
for a minute. listen to me.
Look. Yesterday a journalist
called me saying that
she was investigating
Alejandra's disappearance...
- That's none of your business...
-How is it none of my business?!
It's affecting my health!
- Your health?
- Yes.
I’m waiting for some test results
and I’m really scared.
Look. Elena. I just want
to see your parents...
- Come on. Carmelo. My parents
don't want to see you. Leave them alone.
And I'm sure you’re fine. You’re
just psychosomatic with all this.
- Elena. please. I’m begging you.
I already told you what you’d have
to do if you really wanted to help.
-I'll do anything.
-Give us back my sister's
personal belongings.
Especially her notebooks and sketches;
you know my father wants them.
- Elena. let's not start with that again.
Alejandra is...
She was. my wife.
And these things were left in our house.
- I'm driving. what the hell do you want?
Yes. I have a copy on
my home computer. yes.
I am on my way there.
Well. have them wait!
Yes. have them wait. They can wait.
- I just want to find Alejandra.
And nobody is doing anything...
- The police are handling it.
- The police?! Well. that journalist...
Carmelo. please. She’s just a student.
- Yes. alright.
Yes. don't tell me again. Fuck!
I'm heading home to get the backup.
Well. what else do you want me to do?
Shit.
Yes. yes. I can hear the yelling.
That girl is crazy. man!
- she called us too.
Don't make a big deal of it.
- But she says there is new
information-I don't know.
the police must have told you something.
- Look. let's do something.
You bring me my sister's
drawings and we'll talk.
- That's all I have left of her.
- Carmelo. you have to go;
I promise to have coffee
with you tomorrow. I swear.
- But where? When?
Uhm... at five? Yes. at five o'clock at the café
where Alejandra always went. At the Avelino.
Bring my sister's drawings.
That way my parents will relax and I
can convince them to see you. okay?
- But will you do it?
- I will try. I can’t promise anything.
but I will try to convince them.
Goodbye.
- Yes. alright.
Yes. I'm looking for it. OK.
Of course. of course it
has to be here. damnit.
Hey. can you wait?!
It doesn’t seem to be here.
I don't know. I don't know.
it's not here. It’s not here.
Do you really think I did
it to annoy you or what?
Which is my job too. you know.
Yes. yes. I know it’s money.
And I really need it too. Damnit!
OK man. I get it. I'm on my way. OK.
Fucking computer.
Fuck me. Fuck!
-Julio. Julio. Please calm down.
-Calm down. me?
Look. you haven't seen me
upset. you haven't seen me upset!
- Honey. please stop.
-Just stop.
You want me to stop?
You really want me to stop?
I’ll stop.
- Did you have to smash it?
Savage.
- But what do you care?
It was mine.
-I don't like it when you behave like this.
- Like what?
-Like a wild beast.
- You didn't seem to mind
it too much a little while ago.
-You pig. you're a pig.
Get out. I want you to leave.
-Leave? What do you mean? Psycho.
-Get your stuff right
now and get out of here!
This is not right.
- Hey. take it easy.
- No. I want it to end. This is not right.
- You’re the one that wanted it.
You really wanted it.
-Not true.
My sister is missing. And all I can
think of is to hook up with her boyfriend.
- Hey. stop the car and
don’t get things mixed up.
Alejandra and I were
nothing when she vanished.
Alejandra wanted to leave me
but I was the one who left her.
Because no one dumps me. Do you get that?
Nobody breaks up with ME.
- Come on. are you
ready? Let's record the call.
-Record a police inspector?
Like this? Without his permission?
Girl... I don’t know.
- Record him. no way. Record
me. Well... Girl... I don’t know.
- Record him. no way. Record me.
- Well...
However you want.
- Alright. let’s get started.
-Yes?
- Hello. good morning.
Is this Inspector Garcia?
- Yes. Who is this? Is
this Inspector Garcia?
- Yes. Who is this?
-Look. My name is Sandra
Fuentes. I study journalism and. well...
I am doing my final degree project on the
disappearance of Alejandra López de Lemos and...
-One second.
Juan.
send me the file on
Alejandra López de Lemos.
Yes. Continue.
-Well. I understand that
you are handling the case
and I would like to ask
you a few questions.
- The press office already
sent out all that information.
- Right. I've got it all here. But my project is focused
on how the media influences research of this kind.
And... I would need to do a video interview with
you. because the project is an audio-visual report.
-E-mail a request to our press department at the police
station and they’ll contact you if it checks out.
-I only need ten minutes of your time.
-So the sooner you send that
request. the sooner you’ll get an answer.
- Just a moment. please. Let
me ask you just one question.
Is the case closed?
-We don’t close cases.
That’s the court’s job.
This case is provisionally
closed for lack of evidence.
This does not mean that it cannot be reopened should any
evidence related to the initial investigation come to light.
-But. it was closed anyway?
Because no body has been found.
- The corpse is the key piece of
evidence in a possible homicide case.
However. missing persons cases such as
this. where we don’t know the conclusion;
it’s just one of the
investigation's hypotheses.
- So what is the main
hypothesis they are working on?
- Nothing can be ruled out. Miss.
Now you must excuse me.
I have a lot of work to do.
But look. Let's do one thing.
You send that e-mail and
we will see what I can do.
- Right. Of course. Thank
you very much. Inspector.
Thank you very much.
- Goodbye. good day.
- Goodbye. goodbye.
- Good job!
-Why are there pages missing
from this notebook. Carmelo?
Did you tear them out?
- No.
-Well. they’re not there.
-Well. I don't know. I have nothing else.
Alejandra took everything
to her new studio.
-I remember my sister showing me
a series of drawings that are not here.
It was what she was working
on. When she disappeared.
-Yes. I knew that. But... I don't know.
-I'm talking about a series
of drawings. let's say...
Erotic ones.
-I don't like this accusing
tone you are using. Elena.
Look. I've brought you everything
I've found. What more do you want?
- No. no. no. What is it that YOU want?
You are the one planted on my doorstep.
-What I wanted...
I just wanted to tell you
I miss you all very much.
I loved your sister with all my heart.
And I still love her.
I’m only asking for the chance to go back
and spend some time with your parents.
Is that so much to ask?
- It's been two years now.
Time enough for you to rebuild your life.
-The only thing going on here is that you still think
I had something to do with Alejandra's disappearance.
-Believe me. if that were the
case I wouldn't be sitting here.
-I've brought you the
drawings for nothing...
-They're not all here!
You know this perfectly well.
-You and I made a deal.
-Look for the rest of the drawings I told you about. Carmelo. Bring them
to me and I’ll consider speaking with my parents about talking to you.
-I did my part.
-What part was that?
- Ana. you gave me such a fright.
where did you come in from?
-Sorry. María. I came in through the door.
- Why didn't you let me
know you were coming?
-Well. you won't believe
who I saw this afternoon.
- Who?
- Alejandra's ex-husband and
sister together. having coffee.
- Carmelo and Elena?
- Yes. yes. It's strange. isn't it?
- Well. maybe...
I don't know.
- Carmelo brought her some drawings.
- Drawings?
What drawings?
- Well. I don't know. From
where I was I couldn't see them.
Yesterday a journalist called
me to ask for an interview.
- A journalist?
- Well. a student. yes. She wants to interview us.
She was very pushy. but I liked her.
- How did that girl get your phone number?
And how did she know we were her friends?
-Because we are your friends.
And she said something that
I can't stop thinking about...
- What?
- Well. what my friend. the lawyer. told
me. that the police go as far as they have
to go. that everything
else is a private initiative.
- But the prices of detectives are outrageous.
- Not for a woman with a husband rotten with money.
-And stingy as a rat.
who doesn't even want to spend the thirty euros for
the airport taxi fare. I have to pick him up myself.
Besides. I told you to check with
Alejandra's parents beforehand.
-We have to do it. for her.
We will not be able to close this
chapter until they find a body to bury.
- Don't say that.
- What do you think she would have done for us?
-Ana. please…
-We owe it to her.
She was an illuminated soul.
She taught us so much.
She would have done the same for us.
You're so stubborn.
-And remember to review tomorrow's agenda.
-Excuse me. Professor
Arturo. Professor Arturo.
-These are my working hours.
come back during visiting hours.
-But. Professor Arturo. we’re not students.
-Professor Arturo. we’re your daughter
Alejandra's friends. Ana and María.
Don't you remember us?
She gave us painting lessons.
-Yes. of course I remember.
Well. what do you want?
-Sorry to bother you. we thought it
would be better to talk about it in person.
-We wanted to discuss a matter.
- What matter?
-The investigation into your
daughter's disappearance.
- That's in the hands of the police.
I can't do anything about it.
- Exactly what we came here to talk about.
We believe that. the investigation...
- Now. wait.
you believe.
you may have hunches. impressions.
but you don’t have enough
information to form an opinion.
- But there is clearly no progress.
- Progress... well...
- But. you see...
- Let's see. do you know anything new?
- No.
But we thought we could do
something on a private basis.
- The best thing you can
both do is to stay out of it.
- But. it’s been over a year and we
want to have the consent of the family.
- The family is doing everything possible.
- Well. we’re resolved to hiring a private detective.
- Ana. please.
- You are going to do what?
- A detective.
with your permission.
- You don’t have it. of course.
- We are going to do it anyway.
- So why did you come here to bother me?
- Ana. shut up for a moment.
Professor Arturo. please forgive my friend.
Having a detective doesn’t mean interfering with
the police; in fact. they complement each other.
And we will cover all the costs.
- What are you talking about?
- We are just trying to find Alejandra.
- No one wants to find my
daughter more than I do.
And leave me alone. I
have an Academia meeting.
And you should at least have the humility to see that
you two poor dupes are just playing Agatha Christie.
- I know Álvaro can't make it at that time and
Mercedes can't either. but it's the only time I can.
Exactly.
- Professor Arturo. good afternoon.
Good afternoon.
- My name is Laura Leiva.
mind if I speak to you for a moment.
- Alright. but only for a moment.
...Go ahead. talk. I am listening.
- Speak. speak. I am listening.
- The thing is... Well. forgive
me for dropping in on you like this.
But. I am finishing my Master's
degree in Asset Management.
I would be very interested in
having you direct my thesis.
- Impossible.
- Impossible…
- Yes. look. Miss...
- Laura. Laura Leiva.
- Miss Leiva. it is impossible for me because
right now I have three theses on the table.
- But. you are the foremost authority on the subject I want to
discuss. Professor Arturo. Romanticism paintings in Seville.
-Well. until a couple of years or
more from now. it won’t be possible.
- And you don't have an opening?
I just can't wait that long.
You see. I was your student
years ago. Isn’t there a way?
-Miss. I'm telling you it's impossible. You see.
I was your student years ago. Isn’t there a way?
-Miss. I'm telling you it's impossible.
-I urgently need to get started. Professor Arturo. I just don't have
that kind of time. I was looking after a sick relative. you know?
- A sick relative?
-Yes. my father. who died last year.
was bedridden for three years.
- My goodness. I'm so sorry.
- Thank you.
- And you were looking
after him for all three years?
- Yes.
- Stop by my office tomorrow at eleven
o'clock and we'll see what we can do.
- Thank you very much. Professor Arturo.
thank you! -Goodbye.
-Flora.
Flora.
Hey. sleepyhead.
wake up. it's already late.
I see you’ve taken your
medication. very good.
Please come here.
-Good morning.
-Look. I'm bringing you
someone to look after you.
- Another one?
- Flora. it's Laura.
- I don't want any more nurses. Arturo.
- She’s not a nurse. She
comes from the University.
And she can keep you
company when Elena and I can't.
- She is also a very well-read
girl. She is very interested in art.
- Have you spoken to Carmelo yet?
- With Carmelo?
- Yes. with your son-in-law.
He called yesterday.
- He is not my son-in-law and I have nothing to say to him.
- Yes. with your son-in-law. He called yesterday.
- He is not my son-in-law and
I have nothing to say to him.
- Please. you have to talk to him. He told me he knows
something. He says he has something important to tell us.
- Flora. don’t start. Please. don’t start.
- The bathroom is over there on the right.
Can you get some water?
- Arturo…
- Do me a favour and calm down.
- Listen to me.
He knows something. I'm
sure he knows something.
Please…
- Stop it now.
- I can't let it be. We need to find our child.
- Do you want to?
You’ll see how Laura keeps you company.
- But. she can't help me
find my daughter either.
- But many people are.
For example. the police.
- Yes. but the days just keep on passing.
One day. and then the next. and no...
- Enough. That's it. That's
it. You have to get over it.
OK? Alright…
- What did you say your name was?
- My name is Laura. I will
help you in any way I can.
-Don't treat me like I'm crazy.
Hand me the glasses.
Come closer.
You have a nice face. Laura.
I’m sorry I can’t look after
you as well as I should.
- No. it's my job to look after you.
- Did you know my little girl?
- No. she doesn’t.
- Flora. you can talk to me about anything.
I am sorry for what happened.
but I don't know your daughter.
- Alejandra has hair
like this. just like yours.
Deep black. long and...
- When Alejandra disappeared you
had been separated for six months. right?
- How was the relationship
with her during this time?
- Well. bad. to be honest.
Separations are always complicated.
- Do you still love her?
- If you don't mind. I'm
not going to answer that.
- Sorry. sorry. I didn't mean to ask that.
- Who can forget the love of their life?
-the person you have loved the most...
Who can do that?
Especially in such circumstances.
- And how did you find out
that Alejandra had disappeared?
- I heard about it on television.
No one in the family had
the courtesy to call me.
- I’ve read comments that you are still the primary suspect.
how do you cope with all the pressure from the media?
- Could you hand me the
document I signed earlier. please?
- Yes. of course.
Here you are.
- Thank you.
- But Carmelo. what's going
on. why did you break it?
- Because I've changed my mind. Your questions are insulting.
- So I have nothing more to say. And you. turn the camera off.
Go and interview Alejandra's last lover
He’s a piece of work.
- And in the end what? Are we
just going to sit back and do nothing?
- The mother and Elena are also there.
- We can call Elena. the sister.
- Sûr. et on découvrira ce qu'elle faisait avec Carmelo l'autre jour.-
Right. and then also find out what Carmelo and her were up to the other day.
- I'm going to call her.
- She’s not answering.
- Elena. the telephone!
Elena. where are you?
- Alejandra. Alejandra. is that you?
- Elena?
I am Ana. Alejandra's friend.
- Ana? Which Ana?
- Excuse me. are you Elena's mother. Flora?
- But where is Alejandra?
They don't want to tell me.
- I don't know. Flora!
I miss her a lot too.
- Everybody knows but
nobody wants to tell me.
- Everybody? Who is everybody? Qui est tout
le monde. Flora Who is everybody. Flora?
- Do you know where my Alejandra is?
- I'm going to find her. Flora.
We will look for her and
we’ll find her. I promise.
I promise.
- Why are you crying?
- I’m crying with joy. Flora.
with joy. Goodbye. goodbye.
- María. I…
Maria this chain is the only thing I
have that might be worth something.
Use it to find her. okay?
She loved me very much.
Alejandra opened her home to me when I had
nothing and helped me find my way in life.
Maria. let's find her. please.
- Ana. I will hire the
detective immediately.
Alejandra is like our sister.
Forgive me for
being slow to make this
decision and for not believing you.
I'm afraid that Alejandra is dead.
- Interpol has been working further and has indications
that Alejandra López de Lemos may be in Colombia.
All other information is confidential. We will
continue to report as investigations progress.
- Professor Arturo. I thought you
were out. I didn’t hear you come in.
- Hello Laura. how are you today?
- Fine. fine. The new treatment is going much better for her. I've
managed to get her to sleep a little less. and distract her by reading.
- Well. I'm glad to hear it. That is good.
- Are you all right?
- No. my shoulder. just a bit bothered.
- That's got to be a muscle spasm.
I took a chiropractic massage
course; do you mind...?
- Ok…
What a relief! I can't thank you enough.
- You are under a lot of stress.
weighed down with worries…
The body normally suffers
from this. and it is normal.
Better?
- Yes.
You see. Laura. we need you to spend more time in the house
because I have a trip and you know my wife can't be alone.
- Don't worry.
She is in good hands.
- Your questions are offensive and I have
nothing more to say. and turn the camera off.
Go and interview Alejandra's
last lover. That. that…
- Well. write the conclusions and that's it.
- I have no conclusions.
We still need to interview
the family. and I want to…
- They don't want to talk to you. Don't
insist anymore; you're incredibly stubborn.
- Well. then... with her friends.
- I can’t anymore. Sandra. It’s over.
- What do you mean. it's over?
- What are you trying to say?
Find Alejandra by yourself.
I managed to get an
appointment with the detective.
With all the work I've put in.
you can't leave me stranded now. come on.
- I can't meet up anymore.
- But why not?
- Because I want to spend the little free time
I have with my boyfriend. if you don't mind.
- With your boyfriend?
- Yes. with my boyfriend.
Besides. he told me that you are
manipulative and are abusing me.
- Manipulative?
What the hell are you
talking about. Pilar?!
- Just what I said. Look. I was doing you a favour. but I
can't meet up with you anymore. Ok? If you don't get it...
- Do you understand what I'm saying?
Fuck you and your fucking boyfriend!
- Professor Arturo! Professor Arturo…
- What is it?
- Your wife.
-Flora. what's going
on? What are you doing?
- I’m leaving.
I heard on the radio
that she’s in Colombia. so
I'm going to Colombia
to look for my daughter.
-No. no. Calm down. Wait a second.
- Calm down? Wait?;
I'm not waiting!
I won’t keep waiting any longer.
- Please. calm down.
- My daughter is in Colombia.
I have to go and look for her.
Nobody is doing anything. You’re not
doing anything. Nobody is. Our girl...
- Listen to me. Listen to me!
You’re right-I will do something.
This is long overdue.
- You are not going to do anything.
Nobody does anything and you...
- Look me in the eyes. look at me!
Have I ever lied to you? I told you I'm
going to do something and I'm going to do it.
-What a surprise. Professor Arturo!
What are you doing
here. is something wrong?
- Does something have to be
wrong for me to come to my house?
-No. no. Of course not.
Make yourself at home. of course.
- That's right.
I am at home. I’m the one that pays for it.
- Yes. I was just
surprised to see you here.
- I'm still surprised to see you here.
- What's going on. do you have any plans to keep the
house? Because I see that you are very comfortable.
First with Alejandra and now with Elena.
You young people think you know everything.
But you don't have a clue.
- What do you mean by that?
I have a copy of the keys because
your daughter Elena gave them to me.
I have a flat near the bar.
-Great! I would expect no less.
Do you want a drink?
-No. thank you. I've been
serving drinks all fucking night.
- Relax man.
Relax.
Have you heard the latest
news about Alejandra?
-Yes. Elena told me.
-Look. I'm going to look for
my daughter wherever I can.
You're going to help me. aren't you?
-Do you want me to come
with you to Colombia?
-To Colombia? No. man. no.
The police don’t have a clue.
If anyone knows where she is. it’s Carmelo.
- Carmelo? That bastard?
- That bastard knows
more than he's telling.
- And how do you know?
- I don't know.
but I'm going to find out.
I think it just takes
a little more nudging.
- And what do I have to do with all this?
- I may be a bit older. but I'm no slouch.
But I can't do it alone.
I need your help.
-Professor Arturo. I…
I can't help you.
- Why not?
- Because I have a record.
- A record.
- Yes. a record. I beat up a jealous
husband and almost killed him.
The last thing I need is to
stand before a judge again.
- Do you think this will be
enough to overlook this...
this record?
Carmelo goes to a country house he inherited
from his grandparents. every Friday.
It is secluded. surrounded by orange
trees and there is hardly any coverage.
I know this because my wife could never locate
Alejandra when they spent the weekends there.
It is an ideal place to have a quiet
chat with him.
- Stop!
Professor Arturo. what
are you planning to do?
What's that baseball bat for. Julio?
- Who are you? How do you know our names?
- I know a lot of things and I
know what you intend to do.
- Who says so?
- That's coming from
someone who has a gun license.
So you can both turn around and
go back to where you came from.
Don't make me repeat myself.
They looked set to give him a beating.
- Those two?
Yes.
- But. Professor Arturo…?
- I knew it. I knew it.
So much righteousness
always hides something shady.
- Are you sure?
Absolutely. They were also
very determined and emboldened.
It was funny to watch them trying to
maintain what little dignity they had left.
- And how do you know they
were going to beat up Carmelo?
- Julio was holding a baseball bat.
- I don't think they were going to play at that time of night.
- And this clears them of suspicion.
- Sure. if they were going
to provoke Carmelo by force.
By force. you said.
Such a confession would not be valid.
It does not prove anyone's innocence.
In any case. these developments may seem quite
new. but we are at the same point: a stalemate.
My contacts managed to get me
the notification from the Colombian police.
it’s a customs report.
A woman with a Spanish passport
crossed the border a month ago. her name is
Alejandra López de Lemos. It may be a coincidence.
but I need you to sign your approval for the extra
expenses to Colombia. This avenue is worth investigating.
- If you have to investigate. investigate.
The sooner the better.
- You always preferred her.
The prettiest.
The one who fit in everywhere.
The apple of your eye.
Your little princess.
You never noticed the effort
I made to get your attention.
I traded my youth in for books and
those eternal civil service exams.
I am still unsatisfied and don't
know what to do with my life.
I am now with Julio.
With my sister’s leftovers.
And I don't know if
I'm doing the right thing
or still revelling in my misfortune.
in my jealousy.
I still dream about Alejandra every night.
And sometimes I feel that...
her disappearance has a
sense of guilt for everyone.
Because of their selfishness.
because of your frivolity.
Because of Dad's arrogance.
Because of my envy.
Our family is a script for a
cheap opera. a rural drama.
Perhaps we deserved
everything that happened to us.
I'm going to make dinner.
- How are you doing. sweetheart?
I made your favourite.
teriyaki chicken salad.
- My back hurts a lot.
- You still have that?
Let's see. are you doing your stretches?
- I am suffocating. I can't breathe.
I'm drowning.
I need some sun.
To breathe fresh air.
- But here you do practically
the same thing you did at home.
Drawing. lying in bed and reading all day.
Nothing else.
- I don't have internet.
I don't have television.
Did you forget to buy
my charcoal fixative again?
- There are things I can't do.
I am closely watched.
- Jerk.
The humidity is getting
to me. just so you know.
My joints ache.
I have rheumatism.
- Please. my grandfather was in hiding here for thirty
years after the war and never complained of rheumatism.
- I don't give a shit what
happened to your grandfather.
I wish they had shot him.
I wish they had shot him!
That hurts.
Give me a massage.
How's that?
- It's nice. isn't it?
- Yes.
Yes. it’s nice.
- So that later you can say
that I never did anything for you.
- A confirmed cynic!
Think I forget who you are?
- And who exactly am I?
- An immature lunatic. a
disturbed nutcase. a psychopath.
You think your manners make me forget
that you are a criminal?
A kidnapper!
You're going to get a good sentence for it.
- I am already sentenced. Alejandra.
I told you a thousand times.
this confinement is just temporary.
And this hole is hardly filthy.
My grandfather was here throughout...
- Fuck off. you and your fucking grandfather!
What a dirty tongue you have!
One day I'm going to wash it with bleach.
- Just let me go. Carmelo.
- It’ll be over soon enough. really.
- What will be over soon
enough? But. what will be over?
How long have I been here?
I need to get out.
Help!
- Alejandra...
Alejandra. please hear me out...
Can we talk?
- No.
No. we can't talk. Carmelo.
Everything has already
been said and more than said.
- Alejandra. please…
- I'll take these books too.
And my Gala too. of course.
- No way!
The dog is from home!
- We'll see about that!
- Alexandra
please. I beg you... Go back home.
- I can't. I'm running late.
But why can’t I return...
- I've told you a thousand times.
I don't love you anymore.
You even disgust me a bit…
- How can you say that?
- It is the truth.
I look at you and I see you... ugly.
almost disgusting.
What do you want me
to say if that's how I feel?
- I don't know you anymore. Alejandra...
And we've been married for
five years?
- And now that I think about it.
I remember it all as a bad dream.
What is left of that great artist
I fell in love with in college
who was going to be the new Picasso?
You can’t even sell a single painting
at the flea market in the Museum Square!
You live in the country.
off your parents’ inheritance.
- And who do you think you are?
Because you are nothing more
than a cheap painting teacher
for unemployed women! Look at you!
The professor's spoiled brat!
Your entire life has been given to you!
You haven't been through
half of what I've had to go through!
- The poor little traumatised
orphan is out! You were late!
You want me to cry about it?
- No!
What I want is for you to listen to me! You want me to cry about it?
What I want is for you to listen to me!
- Fuck you. Carmelo! Take your
fucking books! I want you to listen to me!
- Fuck you. Carmelo!
Take your fucking books!
You know what?
I'm going to call my lawyer right now.
- because I'm going to keep everything!
- Yeah?
But first you're going to listen to me! You're going to listen to me!
- No Carmelo. let me go! Because I'm going to keep everything! - Yeah?
- No Carmelo. let me go!
- No. no. no... you have to listen to me!
- Let me go. Carmelo! But first you're going to listen to me! You're going to listen to me! - No Carmelo. let me go!
- Let me go. Carmelo!
- Let me go. let go of me!
- No. no. no... you have to listen to me! - Let me go. Carmelo!
Let me go. let go of me!
Carmelo!
Let go of me! You're choking me!
You are choking me. Carmelo!
- Alejandra?
Alejandra?
- I never meant to kidnap you.
I just wanted us to simmer down
and to be able to talk calmly.
I wanted to convince you to come home.
to give me a second chance...
We all deserve a second chance.
Then I thought of bringing
you to the only place
where we could be alone.
Alejandra. calm down...
Really. you don't have much
more time left here.
- How can I believe you after being
locked up here for so long...?
- I don't have much
more time left either...
Neither here.
nor anywhere else.
I have cancer.
I have little time left to live.
I'm going to get my punishment.
I have been condemned
to death for a long time.
And it has arrived...
- What are you saying. Carmelo?
Come here...
Come here. Carmelo.
Sit down.
- It’s true...
That's the real reason
I've had you here all this time.
A few months ago
I was diagnosed with a brain tumour.
and I wanted to spend the last days
of my life with you.
- Why didn't you tell me?
- And then what?
Would you have come back home.
to look after me. if I had asked you to?
- I don't know. Carmelo.
But now I'll never know.
But how much time do you have left?
- I don’t know...
I am waiting for a second opinion.
I was told three or four months. but...
It's been more than six.
- More than six?
Are you feeling well?
Sometimes I get a bit of a headache.
But I think it's more the
stress than the cancer.
- But what if you suddenly die...?
What'll happen to me?!
- No. no. no. no... calm down.
Don't worry. my lawyer has the manuscript of my
confession in an envelope with your whereabouts.
that would be opened the day
after my death. But that won’t happen.
That's not going to happen.
I swear I'll get you home first.
I swear. Besides. as I have already told you.
you have very little time left here. Alejandra.
Here you have days left...
hours...
It's up to you.
- Up to me?
- Alejandra. I am so sorry
for what I have done to you. Believe me.
- Carmelo...
this is not right.
This is not fair to me.
- You...?
You're going to talk to me...
of what is right?
- No! Carmelo.
Carmelo. please listen to me for a second.
You’ve already held me against my
will for way too long. please Carmelo.
Carmelo no... no!
- I would be very happy if you
put on the dress I bought you.
I have not yet had you as I
want to have you before I leave.
but I will have you…
- But let's see: Carmelo has always
been the prime suspect. hasn't he?
Are you sure he had nothing
to do with the disappearance...?
- Curiosity killed the cat.
- Sorry. sorry...
- Of course Carmelo
was the prime suspect.
From the very first
minute of the investigation!
Switch off the camera.
- But are we done yet?
- Please turn off the recording.
What I'm about to tell you. I've
never said this before. Are we clear?
We bugged Carmelo's houses
without the judge's knowledge.
- Houses...?
- Yes. one in the city and the other in the countryside.
We listened to it for months.
And do you know what we discovered?
- What?
- Absolutely nothing incriminating. And do you know what we discovered?
- Absolutely nothing incriminating.
So we had to drop
that line of investigation.
- Shit...
that’s too much...
- And now if you will
excuse me. Duty calls.
- But Inspector. we've only just started!
We are not finished.
- I told you ten minutes and we've
been chatting for more than half an hour.
- I can wait here until you come back.
I am not in a hurry.
- No. but I am.
I’m in a hurry to get home.
And now I'm going to a meeting...
I'm afraid it's going to be a while.
- But when will I be able
to interview you again?
- You've got plenty of
material. young lady.
Besides. you already
know more than the judge.
I hope your investigation goes well.
- Thank you very much. Inspector.
- Professor Arturo.
good afternoon.
- Hello. Laura.
How is everything?
- I'm fine.
Your wife is sleeping. She took her
sedative. She was just very agitated today.
Well. she’ll be able to
rest until dinner then. right?
She takes too many sleeping pills.
don't you think?
- Yes. Yes. perhaps...
But. it’s just that. she
doesn't want to live.
The doctor recommends sedation
to keep her from doing something crazy.
- Now I understand why she took the sedatives out of
the bedroom and left them in your office. of course.
- I don't really know what to do anymore.
This situation is over my head.
- Yes. I understand.
You. however. seem so full of life.
It doesn't have to be easy. does it?
- No. it is not.
The only thing that makes my day a little
brighter is knowing that you are here.
You’ve brought some life into this house.
- That's flattering. Thank you.
I have always admired you. Professor.
And for me there is also a
time of the day that I love...
when you walk through that door.
You also bring something to this house.
A sense of...
firmness.
of...
strength.
and intelligence.
- Laura?
Laura. are you there?
- Professor. what's wrong?
Professor. is something wrong?
Professor. are you all right? - Professor?
Silly professor.
But what happened?
- What has happened?
- What had to happen has happened.
- It's...
What about my wife?
- Your wife is fast asleep
and hasn’t heard a thing.
She won't ever know.
- But what are you saying? This can't happen again.
- Well. we'll see about that.
- No. Laura... No... Laura. stop it!
Sorry. This is all my fault.
Flora and I... it's been
a long time since...
You are so young.
Sorry.
I have been selfish. Look. the best thing to do is
to leave this house to avert more serious problems.
-No. no. Forgive me.
It was my fault.
I feel something very strong
since attending your first class.
The only thing I will ask is that
you don’t tell me to leave this house.
I need to be close to you. do you understand? I need... The only
thing I will ask is that you don’t tell me to leave this house.
I need to be close to you.
do you understand? I need...
to be around you.
- Laura. don't insist.
Please... Laura. stop it! to be near you.
Please... Laura. stop it!
Hey. look. if...
if it's a question of money...
- Are you going to throw me out like a
whore? But who do you think I am. professor?
- Please keep your voice down.
- Laura?
- I didn't mean to offend
you. I just wanted to help you.
Look. let's do one thing...
Look. if you want. finish this week and I'll
pay you for the whole month. But only this week.
It will be the best thing for everyone.
- Oops. what are you doing here?
- Nothing.
looking for some cufflinks I thought I'd left around here.
- Oops. what are you doing here? - Nothing.
looking for some cufflinks
I thought I'd left around here.
- Hey. have you seen Laura?
- No.
- I'm just very hungry.
- That’s good! Well. let's go to the kitchen and have
some of the cakes I brought you and some pennyroyal.
Afterwards. I have to go
out and do some shopping.
- But then. has the tumour disappeared?
- Excuse me. Mr Aguado. what did you say?
- Yes. doctor. the tumour
you diagnosed me with.
Is it still there. is it malignant?
Tell me something. please. I am ready.
Is it still there? Is it malignant?
- Mr Aguado.
I diagnosed you with migraines.
headaches.
Perhaps triggered by the stress you told me you
were going through because of your separation.
- I didn't... I didn't understand that. no.
No way.
- Mr Aguado.
perhaps you should make an
appointment with a psychologist.
You have to mourn
and bury the past once and for all.
And bury the past once and for all.
- Get undressed.
Come on. girls. clothes off.
Let's take the photos.
- How?
- Come on. don't be shy.
Didn't you want to be the muses for my next painting?
Didn't you want to be the
muses for my next painting?
- But were you serious?
- Absolutely.
From these photos I will make studies that
I will turn into a large format painting.
Come on. what's the matter?
- But I don't know if I have a tummy for photos.
- Don't worry. no one
will see these photos.
except me.
- Surprise!
Look.
I baked your favourite cake.
- Yummy...
I want to try it.
- I made it for you because
today is a very special day …
I couldn't help myself.
- I couldn't help myself.
- Serves me right for trusting you.
Next time I'll bring you some slaps.
You're very funny.
- Look. I had made it for you to celebrate
our wedding anniversary
tomorrow.
Today is the sixth. Don’t you remember?
- But how can I remember if I don't know what day it is?
- Alejandra.
I have been thinking it over.
And this is a mistake. this...
This is a serious mistake.
- Let go of me now. Carmelo.
- That's my point.
Look. I was thinking of
releasing you for our anniversary.
tomorrow.
- Really?
- Yes.
- Why not now?
- Because before
I would like to...
ask you one last favour.
I would like to sleep
with you one last time.
- Just sleep?
- Yes. yes. I just want to
feel your body next to mine.
Like when we were in love.
- So then.
We sleep together and
you'll let me go tomorrow?
Promise?
I accept.
- Perfect.
- Look. I'm here with my mother
and my niece - how beautiful!
Hey. look at the pictures I found
of your daughter with her friends.
These women are a bit naughty. aren't they?
Well. almost as much as her husband.
It has to run in the family.
This one is the best.
I say...
- Give me that...
- Get off me!
Damnit!
- But. Laura. what's going on here.
what are you doing?
- Just what we needed.
The honourable dean!
Our coming honorary holy week officer!
The irreproachable husband.
- What are you talking about?
- We all have something to hide. don't we?
Your daughter. for example.
taking dirty pictures with her friends.
Do you know the friends in these photos?
Perhaps...
you had them hidden because you took them.
They might even be why Alejandra went missing.
- Give them to me...
- Don't come closer or I'll scream.
Did you tell your wife
what we did the other day?
Don't come any closer!
Otherwise I will post the photos
for everyone to see.
So stay away.
- But who are you? Why are you doing this to me?
- Who am I?
I’m Laura Leiva.
Do you remember me now. professor?
When I begged you to pass me.
when I knelt before you as
I did ten years ago now.
- Laura Leiva…
- You're remembering now. aren't you?
I am that poor girl
who desperately needed your pass.
But no. You did not consent.
not even by a mere tenth.
By one tenth. Professor.
‘This exam is not for passing’.
Don’t you remember?
They took my scholarship away
and I had to go back to the village
to work in crappy jobs.
- Laura.
I understand. but this is not the way. Let's talk about it like civilised people to work in crappy jobs.
I understand. but this is not the way.
Let's talk about it like civilised people.
- No. no. now listen to me in a civilised manner. I understand.
but this is not the way. Let's talk about it like civilised people.
No. no. now listen to
me in a civilised manner.
Because that's what works for you.
To begin with.
you're going to have to admit me into your department
because otherwise I will. in a “civilized manner”...
make sure everyone can see these photos.
- But what have we done to you.
why do you want to hurt us?
- Ask your husband. Miss!
- But what have we done to you? Why do you want to hurt us?
- Stop it. damnit.
Stop...
What do you think?
I don't have a copy of the photo?
Now you're going to find out who I am.
- Why. Arturo?
What have we done to
deserve this punishment?
- See how beautiful
you look in the dress I bought you?
And now.
promise me you won't do anything foolish?
You’re going to behave. right?
- Yes. Yes. I’ll behave.
If you want us to sleep together.
I have to be relaxed. don't I?
- Put this on. it’s cold outside.
- I'm sorry to have to tie you up.
but sometimes you're very naughty.
Quelqu'un arrive!- Someone is coming!
- Shhh. Don’t you dare raise your voice.
Don't do anything
foolish or you will regret it.
You promised. Shhh...
Just a second. I’m coming. Shhh...
- What are you doing here?
Back to your usual nonsense?
Look.
I think it was perfectly clear the other day that no...
- Yes. yes. Sorry. Look.
we got off to a bad start the other day.
I apologise for disturbing you you and for
turning up here so unexpectedly. It’s just...
I've been calling you. but it keeps
going to voicemail or there's no coverage.
I am just begging you to give
me another chance. please.
And that we finish what we started.
- Look. I don't even know how you found me and forgive me.
but I just don't feel like
talking to you for another second. So...
I apologise...
- I take full responsibility.
but I have the questions written down here.
Then you can see them first and
tell me whether you like them or not.
If you don't like one. we'll skip it
and I assure you that this time you will have...
- Help! Help!
Help!
Carmelo! Carmelo. no! Carmelo. please!
Carmelo! Carmelo. please!
Carmelo...
Carmelo! Carmelo! Stop!
Carmelo!
Carmelo. please...
- You stink.
You smell rotten.
Look. in contrast. this smells nice.
Smell it.
And you. on the other hand. don't
smell good because you've gone out here.
Why did you have to leave here?
- Carmelo...
- I want you to be clean for me.
I want you to be...
very clean for me.
I don't want to see even a single
tear! I have already had enough.
- Please...
- No begging!
Not anymore.
That poor girl is dead because of you.
Why did you have to shout?
You're starting to smell clean.
That's what it feels like when someone hurts you
even though you haven’t done anything to deserve it.
Now...
there is no escape.
Sooner or later they’ll come looking for us
and they will pull us apart.
Or someone will miss that girl and...
then come.
But now I get it.
we can leave together.
Always together.
As you once made me swear.
Like Romeo and Juliet.
Together
for eternity.
I am going to fix everything.
- Julio?
Julio!
That guy is stupid.
- Hello. Elena.
- Hello.
- Hello. What are you doing here?
Is something wrong?
- We have to tell you something.
- We had wanted to do this for a long time.
But we couldn't wait any longer.
- You're scaring me.
- Elena. your father and Julio
tried to intimidate Carmelo.
- They tried to beat him up
to get something out of him.
- And how do you know?
- We hired a private detective a month ago.
- A private detective?
- Yes. to look for any
clues to help find your sister.
- Why didn't you tell me?
- We called you!
Your mother didn't tell
you anything. did she?
- My mother…
My poor mother is more out of it than here.
OK. so did this detective
find out anything?
- He even went to Colombia
following an Interpol lead.
But he confirmed that...
it was a dead end. He comes back today.
- He told us that everyone is a
priori a suspect. you. me. Maria…
Your father.
- My father?
- Ana. What are you suggesting?
- Elena. no offence. but we think
your father is hiding something.
- Of course he is hiding something.
from you.
- How so?
- You in the photos
you took with my sister.
those that my father found in this house.
He hid them from the police so they wouldn’t see
them. and to protect your and my sister's privacy.
- Now I understand why your
father was furious when he saw us.
- We really messed up
taking those shots.
We drank and you know
how persuasive Alejandra was.
- Yes. but my father was afraid
they would be leaked to the press.
Family honour above all else.
And he kept them.
I don't know how that man keeps everything.
- Carmelo. Carmelo. please forgive me.
Please forgive me. Forgive me... I’m sorry…
Now...
- I attached the car's exhaust pipe
to the room ventilation duct.
And so. where life
used to come in for my grandfather.
now death will come in for us.
Relax. it will be painless. Just don't
fight it and everything will be fine.
We'll fall asleep
and that's it.
I'm going to start the car.
Only a few hours ago. law enforcement
officials arrested famous Art History
professor and former dean of the University
of Seville. Arturo López de Lemos.
a renowned figure in religious brotherhoods
and a leading candidate
to be the official Pregonero
of the upcoming Holy Week.
He now faces rape charges
after being accused by a student.
- My God. I know where she is!
- Elena. you have to come and see this!
- On TV!
- I know where she is!
- I know where Alejandra is!
Look. you have to see this.
Do you see this drawing?
Look. what happens
when I swipe my finger at it.
Alejandra always put fixative
when she finished a drawing.
This is a golden rule for any professional.
But this one... there’s no....
it doesn't have it. do you understand?
It is recent. it was done recently.
Look. even the colour is much lighter.
It was in the folder Carmelo brought me.
Do you know which house this is?
It is Carmelo's house in the countryside.
Alejandra is alive.
That bastard is holding her captive and
she's telling us where. Alejandra is alive.
she's telling us where.
- Elena.
some shocking news
just came on television.
- News?
What news?
- Elena… Elena. No. you listen to me.
Her father is currently being questioned.
And that does not mean he is guilty.
What you are telling me
doesn’t make any sense.
They’re also trying to divert attention
away from her father.
I think her family has
enough problems as it is.
So. take it easy.
Come and see me and we'll talk about it.
- Well. what did he say?
- He didn't even listen to me.
He hung up on me. he doesn't believe me.
What should we do now?
My god.
my mother will be all alone.
Who knows what might happen to her.
I have to go.
Ana. get out of the way. we're leaving.
- But are you crazy?
Where the hell do you think you are going?
We are leaving. yes. We are going.
But. we're going to that bastard's house.
With or without the help of the
police or their fucking grannies.
We're going there now!
Your sister may be in danger.
Elena.
I believe you.
You've been brilliant.
Something neither the police nor
the private detectives could figure out.
You did it.
Your mother has to hold on a little longer.
Seeing your sister again
will breathe life back into her.
- Well. that's that.
I started up the car.
So. in a few minutes.
the tube will be filled
and the gas will flow into the room.
The best thing to do is to relax.
as I have already told you.
Hey. hey. take it easy.
Death. death is not so terrible.
We will move on together
from one life to another.
Don't worry. don't worry. please.
I will help you.
Shhh...
- Come on. come on Julio. pick up.
- Do you have any experience?
No.
Not a lot. not a lot.
- Whatever.
And you have clothes...?
You know... some spandex?
- Like. tight and stuff.
Yes. yes. I’ve got something.
It's yours. -?
- Your phone is vibrating.
- Yes.
It doesn’t matter. I’m unavailable.
Where were we?
- Julio. where are you?
Because I called you three times already.
Let’s go to Carmelo's house.
the one he has in the countryside.
Alejandra is there. I just know it.
He is holding her there.
Julio. I fear for her life.
The police ignored us.
For God's sake. where are you!
- You know what I mean?
This is very unpleasant.
I thought it would be different.
Hey. look.
I have a confession to make.
I don't have cancer.
No way.
It was just a headache that you gave me.
And look. I'm thinking.
That I still have a lot of
things left to experience in life.
- Hello?
Is anyone there?
Carmelo. are you at home?
Carmelo!
- Nobody is around.
- The door was open.
- Shhh.
I'm listening to something. just a moment.
It's a car.
A car engine can be heard.
- Just what is this? Look!
Alejandra…
Remove that. remove
that. Alejandra is here!
Alejandra!
-Alejandra.
- Alejandra. please.
- Alejandra… Breathe with me.
Alejandra. Alejandra. please
breathe with me. Look at me.
Breathe with me. please
Alejandra. Breathe...
- I am so sorry you are here.
especially you.
sister-in-law.
But. your sister has to learn
how hard things can be sometimes.
It' s not like that. Alejandra!
- No!
- I'm so glad to see you!
My dear friend.
- You’re hurt…
- You know I've always
been very hard headed.
- They have him inside.
- Just a moment. please.
You can continue.
I am sorry I did not listen to you.
It was difficult to think
of such a possibility at the time.
- I don't know. I'm not the professional.
I understand the
difficulties of your job. but...
all I know is that you
didn't want to believe me.
The simplest thing was to
think that my father was guilty.
I guess simplicity is not always
the right thing to do in your job.
- Your father's accuser seems
to be unsure about her statement.
She contradicts herself. I
think it's more an issue of...
personal revenge or blackmail.
I don't know. but I suspect that your
father is not responsible for any rape.
- I hope you will get your investigations
on the right track this time. Inspector.
My family has suffered
enough. don't you think?
- If you will excuse me...
don't worry. I'm fine.
Just a bit dizzy
and my head hurts a bit.
- Ana.
you are the heroine of the day.
You are my heroine.